1.0.3 (#43)
MetaMask/action-require-additional-reviewer: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.0.3]

> ### Uncategorized
> - Revert #37 ([#42](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-require-additional-reviewer/pull/42))
> - Update README.md ([#40](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-require-additional-reviewer/pull/40))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed
- Status checks for non-release PRs ([#42](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-require-additional-reviewer/pull/42))
  - [#37](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-require-additional-reviewer/pull/37) did not work as expected, and instead prevent the status check used by this action from succeeding for non-release PRs. We will fix PRs from forks separately.
```
